python-omxplayer-wrapper/README.rst, before:

Python OMXPlayer wrapper
========================

|PyPI Version| |PyPI Python versions| |PyPI License| |Documentation Status| 
|Build Status| |Code Coverage| |Say Thanks!|

.. include:: docs/tagline.rst

.. include:: docs/installation.rst

.. include:: docs/examples.rst

Docs
----

You can read the docs at `python-omxplayer-wrapper.rtfd.org
<http://python-omxplayer-wrapper.rtfd.org>`_

.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/omxplayer-wrapper.svg?maxAge=2592000
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omxplayer-wrapper
.. |PyPI Python versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/omxplayer-wrapper.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omxplayer-wrapper
.. |PyPI License| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/omxplayer-wrapper.svg?maxAge=2592000
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omxplayer-wrapper
.. |Documentation Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-omxplayer-wrapper/badge?version=master
   :target: http://python-omxplayer-wrapper.readthedocs.io/en/master?badge=master
   :alt: Documentation Status
.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper
.. |Code Coverage| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper
.. |Say Thanks!| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg
   :target: https://saythanks.io/to/willprice

Commit message:

Ergänzung der aktuellen Python-Module
- python3-dbus,             V1.2.4-1
- pyudev,                   V0.21.0.dev20181104
- python-omxplayer-wrapper, V0.3.1
- python-magic,             V0.4.16

python-omxplayer-wrapper/README.rst, after:

Python OMXPlayer wrapper
========================

|PyPI Version| |PyPI Python versions| |PyPI License| |Documentation Status| 
|Build Status| |Code Coverage| |Say Thanks!|

omxplayer-wrapper is a project to control `OMXPlayer
<https://github.com/popcornmix/omxplayer>`_ from python over `dbus
<https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/dbus/>`_.


Docs
----

You can read the docs at `python-omxplayer-wrapper.rtfd.org
<http://python-omxplayer-wrapper.rtfd.org>`_

.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/omxplayer-wrapper.svg?maxAge=2592000
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omxplayer-wrapper
.. |PyPI Python versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/omxplayer-wrapper.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omxplayer-wrapper
.. |PyPI License| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/omxplayer-wrapper.svg?maxAge=2592000
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/omxplayer-wrapper
.. |Documentation Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-omxplayer-wrapper/badge?version=master
   :target: http://python-omxplayer-wrapper.readthedocs.io/en/master?badge=master
   :alt: Documentation Status
.. |Build Status| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper/tree/master.svg?style=shield
   :target: https://circleci.com/gh/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper/tree/master
.. |Code Coverage| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/willprice/python-omxplayer-wrapper
.. |Say Thanks!| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg
   :target: https://saythanks.io/to/willprice
